This means the save request is hitting the wrong response type.
The app expects JSON, but the backend is returning HTML:
<!DOCTYPE ... is not valid JSON
Send this to your agent:
DEV NOTE: Fix Training Hub Save Failed JSON Error
Only fix Training Hub.
Do not touch anything else.
Issue:
When saving AI-generated course draft, the frontend shows:
Failed to execute 'json' on 'Response': Unexpected token '<', '<!DOCTYPE ...' is not valid JSON
Cause:
The frontend is calling response.json(), but the server is returning an HTML page instead of JSON. This usually means:


API route is wrong


backend route does not exist


request is being redirected to frontend index.html


auth middleware redirects instead of returning JSON


server error returns HTML


Vite fallback is catching the API path


Fix requirements:


Check the save endpoint used by Training Hub


Find the frontend save call.
Make sure it calls the real API route, example:
POST /api/training/courses
Not:
/training/courses
/admin/training/courses
/training/save


Make backend route return JSON always


The backend route must return JSON for success and errors.
Example error response:
res.status(400).json({ success: false, error: "Course title is required" })
Never return HTML from Training Hub API routes.


Add safe frontend response parsing


Before calling response.json(), check content type.
If response is not JSON, read text and show useful error.
Example:
const contentType = response.headers.get("content-type") || "";
If not JSON:
Show:
“Training course save endpoint returned HTML. Check API route or backend error.”


Fix API registration order


Make sure Training Hub API routes are registered before Vite/frontend fallback.
Correct order:
app.use("/api/training", trainingRoutes);
Then Vite/static fallback after API routes.


Check auth middleware


If user is not authenticated, API must return:
401 JSON
Not redirect HTML.
Example:
res.status(401).json({ success: false, error: "Unauthorized" })


Validate payload


Make sure AI-generated course save sends:
course title
description
category
duration
modules array
quiz object
quiz questions array
Empty video/image fields should not fail save.


Add console logging only for this route


Log:
request path
request method
payload keys
server error message
Do not log sensitive data.
Expected result:
Click Save
Course saves successfully
No HTML response error
If save fails, frontend shows a clear JSON error
Training Hub remains isolated from the rest of ClockField