So, on the hard request, we, I don't know why you removed hard request. We need to hard supplies to different locations and assign a cleaner location where the cleaner is so that we can have the inventory added to those locations. I mean, so that we can have the, not inventory, so that we can have supply added to those locations. That's why the request page is there. That's why I was saying you can change that to maybe supply, but now, I don't know what you did because you just, how can an admin now add a product here to a location so that cleaners can request it if they're out of the product? I mean, the supply. There's no way you can do that. That was the main concept of this, is to also have the ability to add products, I mean, supply to different locations based on that request so that we can receive requests from cleaner on this page so that we are able to see what item the cleaner is requesting that's going to be out of stock, only that's going to be out or if the product is finished or whatever. But what you've done, I don't know what you've done on the request page. Please, please, please, please do not change or affect or delete or change anything else on my hub. The only place we want to make this right is on the request page. We still have to have a button where admin can add. Supply to the location. The only thing I was saying is to make sure that when the admin selects add supply, they will select the supply based on the supply we have on the inventory, not supply. They can yes, take the picture, but most important is if we have the inventory added, that means they have to get, when they click on add supply, the pop-up should show, select the supply you want to add, how many you want to add, take a picture maybe, so that you show the cleaner that the supply is added, this is what you see here, that's the product. And then assign the cleaner and all that stuff has to be done, like properly, just like the way it was working. And then when the cleaner is trying to send us that product is out of stock, it's almost finished, or they just have empty bottles. That's the reason why we need a cleaner to take a picture and then request, and then we'll be able to receive it on the request. And so a cleaner will select which product is out of stock. And then on the cleaner side, yes, we added an additional button to request what we do not have in stock, so that once we receive that, we receive it on here, like on the request. Once that is sent, we'll be able to receive it here, admin will open, we'll view the product that the cleaner is requesting, and then notify the cleaner. But the important thing is... How do you supply to each location where the cleaner is. So we had the location, we also had the cleaner so that we collate instead of showing one supply to several different locations. So if we select a location and the cleaner that that is assigned to that location, it makes sense that that product, I mean that supply will be only in that site, you know what I mean? So you need to read through the request and change it to make it make sense, but don't affect the location and the inventory of the, like everything should be like correct when giving the results, like location expenses or inventory expenses, everything should make sense, you know what I mean? So can you please look into this and then refill? Refill all that result, not needed. I don't know what those buttons are doing there. We didn't have them before, but you went ahead and added those buttons. I'm not sure what they're doing there, but let's see if I click on refill, it's saying cleaner requested details. And it's the refill is not even working, it just gives 404 when you do a refill request about order, updated order. I don't, I don't even know what that means. Like the request page, I don't know what, what you did, but please make it make sense. The way it was before, like where a cleaner takes a picture and it over, like it was fine with refill, order, that has to be under... Inventory, like when we had an item, we're like refilling the items, you know what I mean? I don't think that was supposed to be here, like restock. That's supposed to be on inventory. Request is where I'm able to add supply to a location and assign the location to the cleaner. Once the cleaner sees that, okay, I have inventory, whatever is out, the cleaner will click on it, take a picture, write a message, and send it over. We receive a notification under request and see, okay, this product is almost out. I'll go and do it like on end, I'll go and do that. Maybe tomorrow, once I do it, I take a picture. And then every picture I take and go to the cleaner and everything is refilled, the cleaner as well has to see the picture that, okay, the product is refilled, and so that they are able to see where the product was put, you know what I mean? So I don't know, try to work on the request page again to make it make sense. But everything else seems to be okay. Thank you. And do not affect anything else I said. Do not change anything else, just improve this. Thank you. And the cleaner is like an employee account, just so you know.