The Employee page popup and the Attendance page popup are not using the same attendance source or the same calculation logic.
That is why one view shows:

1 completed shift

left early

100% rate

while the employee drawer shows:

0 shifts

0 late

0% rate

no attendance history

So the fix is not a redesign.
The fix is to make both places read from one shared attendance summary source.

DEV NOTE
Fix employee popup attendance so it matches the Attendance page exactly

Main instruction
Do not redesign the employee page.
Do not touch auth, schedule creation, payroll, client flows, or other working modules.
Only fix the attendance mismatch between:

Employee page popup

Attendance page employee detail modal

Goal
When admin clicks an employee from the Employees page and opens the employee popup, the Attendance tab must show the same real attendance summary and recent history that appears when that same employee is opened from the Attendance page.

Problem observed
Current mismatch:
Employee popup → Attendance tab shows:

0 shifts

0 late

0% rate

no attendance history

Attendance page employee modal shows:

1 total shift

1 completed

1 left early

100% rate

attendance calendar

attendance history row

This means the employee popup is either:

using a different endpoint

using incomplete employee data only

not loading attendance records at all

filtering wrong by date or employee id

or using a separate broken summary calculation

Required outcome
The employee popup Attendance tab must match the Attendance page employee modal for the same employee and date range.

Root cause to fix
Most likely one or more of these:

Different data source
The Employees popup may be using lightweight employee profile data only, not real attendance data.

Different employee identifier
One place may use employee.id while the other uses user.id or employee_code.
If ids are mismatched, the query returns zero.

Different date range
Attendance page may default to current month or all-time, while employee popup may default to today only or empty period.

Different calculation logic
The Attendance page modal may have the correct summary logic while the employee popup uses placeholder stats.

Required fix
Create one shared attendance detail source and use it in both places.

Implementation plan

Single source of truth for employee attendance detail

Create one shared attendance summary helper or endpoint for employee attendance detail.

Recommended endpoint:
GET /api/employees/:employeeId/attendance-summary

Response should include:

employee basic info

summary stats

attendance history

attendance calendar data

recent activity

Suggested response shape:
{
employee: {
id,
name,
employeeId,
status,
role
},
summary: {
totalShifts,
completed,
lateArrivals,
leftEarly,
noShows,
attendanceRate
},
history: [
{
date,
scheduledStart,
scheduledEnd,
actualClockIn,
actualClockOut,
variance,
status,
flags,
clientName,
locationName
}
],
calendar: [
{
date,
status
}
]
}

Important
Both of these must call the same source:

Attendance page employee modal

Employees page popup Attendance tab

Do not let them calculate separately.

Reuse the same summary logic everywhere

Use one shared calculation helper for attendance stats.

Summary cards should be derived the same way in both places:

Total Shifts

Completed

Late Arrivals

Left Early

No Shows

Attendance Rate

Recommended rules
totalShifts = count of scheduled shifts or matched attendance entries within active range
completed = completed time entries
lateArrivals = entries flagged late
leftEarly = entries flagged left_early
noShows = scheduled shifts with no matching clock-in
attendanceRate = completed shifts / total scheduled shifts * 100

If your current Attendance page logic is already correct, reuse that exact logic for the employee popup.
Do not rewrite a second version.

Use the same date range default

This is important.

The employee popup and attendance modal must default to the same range.
Best default:
This month
or
current active attendance filter if one exists

Simplest safe rule:
If opened from Attendance page, inherit current Attendance filters
If opened from Employees page, default to This month

But for the mismatch fix, the main important thing is:
both views must clearly show what date range they are using

Add a small label or selector in both places:
Attendance Period:

This Week

This Month

Last Month

All Time

At minimum, show the current period label.

If you want the smallest patch:
default both to This Month and show the label.

Fix employee identifier mapping

Agent must verify that both views use the same employee identifier.

Very likely bug:
Attendance modal uses employee.id
Employees popup uses employee.employeeId string like EMP-1003
or user account id
or wrong relation

Fix rule:
All attendance lookups must filter using the real database employee primary id, not display code only.

Display code like EMP-1003 is for UI only.
Do not use it as the only attendance relation unless that is how database was truly designed.

Reuse attendance history UI data

The Employees popup Attendance tab should show:

summary cards

recent activity or attendance history

optional mini calendar if already available

At minimum, it must not show zeros if real history exists.

Recommended behavior:
Reuse the same history rows already shown in Attendance modal.

If needed, the Employees popup can show:
Recent Activity
latest 5 attendance entries

And a button:
View Full Attendance
that opens the full attendance modal

But the stats must already match.

Calendar consistency

If you already built attendance calendar in the Attendance page employee modal, reuse that same calendar data source in the employee popup Attendance tab.

If the employee popup is meant to stay smaller, then:

either embed the same mini calendar

or show summary cards + recent history + button to expand full attendance view

But do not show empty state when real data exists.

UI scope boundaries

Allowed

employee popup Attendance tab data wiring

shared attendance endpoint/helper

date-range label or selector if needed

employee id mapping fix

Do not change

employee overview tab layout

schedule tab unless needed for shared employee data load

attendance page layout unless needed to switch to shared endpoint

payroll

schedules

clients

auth

Acceptance criteria

A. Match
If Attendance page employee modal shows:

Total Shifts: 1

Completed: 1

Left Early: 1

Rate: 100%

Then the Employees page popup Attendance tab for that same employee must show matching values for the same period.

B. No empty state when data exists
If attendance records exist, Employees popup must not show:
No attendance history

C. Same employee
Opening David Zulu from Employees and Attendance must reference the same employee record and same attendance data.

D. No regressions
Do not break:

employee list

attendance page

schedule page

payroll

clock in/out

employee login access buttons

Direct instruction for agent

Fix the attendance mismatch between the Employees page popup and the Attendance page employee modal. Both views must use the same employee attendance source, the same employee id mapping, the same date range defaults, and the same summary calculation logic. Reuse the existing attendance summary and history logic from the Attendance page if that version is already correct. The Employees popup Attendance tab must not show zero values when real attendance exists for that employee. Keep this as a focused data consistency fix only, without redesigning the app or touching unrelated modules.

Most likely exact bug

Most likely the Employees popup Attendance tab is loading from a lighter employee-profile query or using the wrong employee identifier, while the Attendance modal is using the real attendance query.
So the first thing the agent should do is:

inspect both queries

compare identifiers used

move both to one shared attendance summary endpoint/helper

That is the real fix.