One few things that needs to be updated. First of all, on the admin side, messaging is now working okay. You can select, you can start a new conversation, but the only issue is when an admin starts a conversation, it's not harding up as a conversation. When they reply, it adds up as a different conversation, you know what I mean? And then when an employee replies, it's also not showing on the face of the same conversation that an employee replied to that text that was written on, you know, just like the iMessage conversation. It's starting a new message every time an employee replies to a message that they had. Same thing, I think that's the same thing that's going to be happening on the client side as well. When they reply, it's like creating a new conversation instead of replying to the conversation that's already started. Unless if they start a new conversation, that's when they'll be able to start a new conversation. But if they are replying to a conversation, it doesn't have to start a new conversation. You get the point? So can you please improve this conversational way in the message? And also allow admin to also attach images because admin doesn't have an addition to attach images based on is it an incident, is what, is what. And on the employee side, when an employee attaches the image or the client attaches the image, The images, once they send a message, the images are not attached to the message, you know what I mean? So the clients would only see the message without the image. So that also has to be checked in and fixed properly on all parties like the employee, the client, as well as the admin. And yeah, apart from that, we just need to make sure that the text and the UI/UX messaging, even the way it looks on the employee side, if the admin, I mean, if the employee is using a desktop, make sure the components should properly adjust to a desktop. It shouldn't just look big, like it's a big mobile, you know what I mean? It has to be adjusted with the texting, the like plugin buttons should properly adjust to desktop UI. Something on the client side as well, because everything, whenever it's like desktop UI, it's kind of like stretched and big and it doesn't look pretty, pretty professional when the client opens that, you know what I mean? Everything is stretched. So make sure if it's desktop, things have to be adjusted, but based on desktop. If it's a mobile UI, don't touch it because it's all perfect. Everything is proper. I think one more thing, when the employee is replying to a text or sending a text or whatever, the send button is hidden. Like you can't clearly see the send button on the mobile UI. So make sure that all the components on each and every mobile UI device, they are seen when they are chatting in the conversation, you know what I mean? So yeah, can you help to properly improve those few things without changing or affecting or touching any other things? I just want you to improve this. Thank you.