Yes. The issue is still not fixed.

The variance is already telling the truth.
The flag is still being classified wrong.

From your screenshot:

01:55 scheduled

01:52 actual

variance says 2 min early

but flag still says late clock in

That is clearly wrong.

So the only thing that should be fixed now is:
the flag classification logic.

Use this exact dev note.

DEV NOTE

Task
Fix only the attendance flag mismatch so clock-in and clock-out flags match the real time comparison against the scheduled shift.

Critical instruction
Do not touch anything else.
Do not refactor anything else.
Do not improve anything else.
Do not change dashboard layout.
Do not change attendance layout.
Do not change clock-in logic.
Do not change clock-out logic.
Do not change schedule creation.
Do not change payroll.
Do not change requests.
Do not change work log.
Do not change auth.
Do not touch any unrelated code.

This is a targeted accuracy fix only.

Main goal
Make the attendance Flags column match the actual time difference shown in Variance.

Required correct behavior

Clock-in rules
If actual clock-in is before scheduled start:

flag must be early clock in

If actual clock-in is after scheduled start:

flag must be late clock in

If actual clock-in is exactly on scheduled start:

flag should be on time or no clock-in flag

Clock-out rules
If actual clock-out is before scheduled end:

flag must be early clock out

If actual clock-out is after scheduled end:

flag must be late clock out

If actual clock-out is exactly on scheduled end:

flag should be on time or no clock-out flag

Important
One record may have multiple flags.

Example:

clocked in early

clocked out early

That same record should show:

early clock in

early clock out

Another example:

clocked in late

clocked out late

That same record should show:

late clock in

late clock out

Problem observed
The system is still labeling early clock-ins as late clock-ins.

That means the current flag logic is probably doing something wrong like:
if clock-in time is different from scheduled time, label it late

That is incorrect.

The logic must compare direction, not just difference.

Correct logic to implement

For start time:
If actual_clock_in < scheduled_start
flag = early_clock_in

If actual_clock_in > scheduled_start
flag = late_clock_in

If actual_clock_in == scheduled_start
no early/late start flag

For end time:
If actual_clock_out < scheduled_end
flag = early_clock_out

If actual_clock_out > scheduled_end
flag = late_clock_out

If actual_clock_out == scheduled_end
no early/late end flag

Important rule
Do not override one flag with another.
Start-time flags and end-time flags must be calculated separately.

The final Flags column must reflect the actual result, not one generic label.

Examples that must work

Example 1
Scheduled: 01:55 - 01:59
Actual: 01:52 - in progress

Expected:

variance: 2 min early

flags: early clock in

Not:

late clock in

Example 2
Scheduled: 00:33 - 00:39
Actual: 01:42 - 01:52

Expected:

variance: 70 min late

flags: late clock in

and if end is also after scheduled end, late clock out

Example 3
Scheduled: 08:00 - 14:00
Actual: 07:45 - 13:50

Expected:

early clock in

early clock out

Example 4
Scheduled: 08:00 - 14:00
Actual: 08:03 - 14:20

Expected:

late clock in

late clock out

Scope
Fix only:

flag generation logic

flag rendering if needed to display correct multiple flags

Do not change:

how variance is calculated if variance is already correct

how hours are calculated

how attendance entries are stored

anything unrelated

Dashboard note
Because dashboard late counts likely depend on these flags, once the flags are corrected, Late Today should automatically become more accurate.
But do not separately start changing dashboard logic unless it is strictly required after the flag fix.

Acceptance criteria

early clock-in shows early clock in

late clock-in shows late clock in

early clock-out shows early clock out

late clock-out shows late clock out

one record can show both start and end flags when applicable

variance text and flags agree with each other

no unrelated system is changed

Direct instruction for agent
Fix only the attendance flag classification logic. Right now the system is still showing late clock in even when the variance says the employee clocked in early. Compare actual start time against scheduled start time and actual end time against scheduled end time separately, then label the flags correctly as early clock in, late clock in, early clock out, or late clock out. Support multiple flags on one record when needed. Do not touch any unrelated feature or logic.